Enhance documentation on Scalability file uploads and throttling (#128077)
Azure/azure-content: articles/iot-central/core/concepts-architecture.md

IoT Central automatically scales its IoT hubs based on the load profiles in your application. IoT Central can scale up individual IoT hubs and scale out the number of IoT hubs in an application. IoT Central also automatically scales other underlying services.

> Note: IoT Central’s auto scale behavior does not consider **file-upload operations**. If your solution relies heavily on file uploads, you may need to manually scale the underlying IoT Hub to avoid throttling, please contact Microsoft support if this is the case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> IoT Central's auto scale behavior does not consider **file-upload operations**. If your solution relies heavily on file uploads, you may need to manually scale the underlying IoT Hub to avoid throttling, please contact Microsoft support if this is the case.
```

> ### Best practices to avoid unexpected throttling for File Upload Scenarios:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Best practices to avoid unexpected throttling for File Upload Scenarios
```
